Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Dawn Ninham: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Dawn Ninham: I'm good, I'm good. Well, not good. Good. I'm okay. I'm live
Dawn Ninham: I'm sorry I'm late. I overslept. And I just woke up rise. I was like 90 minutes late, and I decided to call anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I'm glad that you did.
Yeah, I mean,
Dawn Ninham: I called you yesterday. They said I know women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you have a running appointment every Wednesday at 11am
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, but last week since I didn't make because it was Jeffrey's birthday. They told me to call you yesterday at noon. So I went I called you, but they said I didn't have an appointment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you do.
Dawn Ninham: Okay. Why no, not for sale yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh for yesterday. No.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, so, so I didn't have an appointment. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today is Wednesday. So your appointment is Wednesday at 11 O'clock week okay
Dawn Ninham: Right. But when I call last week. She told me she would reschedule it, which would have been for yesterday at noon. So I was planning on talking to you yesterday and today,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, see, I didn't know that. And I already do. Yeah, I already had somebody else scheduled for noon, so that wouldn't have worked anyway. Maybe that's why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Dawn Ninham: Let's see what's happened since the last a lot
Dawn Ninham: I'm definitely could have had it, I realized that
By far.
Dawn Ninham: We lost in court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I mean they
Dawn Ninham: Terminated services. So now we have paid for everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did they do that.
Dawn Ninham: They had they had at all the evidence that they needed my lawyer didn't represent I let her from bright heart till the very end.
Dawn Ninham: till the last court date.
Dawn Ninham: And the
Dawn Ninham: So I don't know. I didn't have. I didn't have enough
Dawn Ninham: They put in all their evidence at the very end and I i have one paper from Eric was that they said that wasn't enough, so
Dawn Ninham: For me, you're on. I have to
Dawn Ninham: I'm going to go like, I looked up.
Dawn Ninham: Na na online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. So
Dawn Ninham: I found some ones in town, if I can't get there, like, go to the ones online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I
Dawn Ninham: Tried to one daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Can get a
Dawn Ninham: Signature and then
We'll see.
Dawn Ninham: What else, I get to do. Um,
Dawn Ninham: Oh, yeah. And then since they have the right heart because I'm the god counselor at Open door.
Dawn Ninham: Is saying that she's the coordinator and she's so home and she's upset that I we don't go there anymore because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For me,
Dawn Ninham: Now she told the look you told the courts that she's the coordinator for bright heart and I stopped to go there and this that anyway but stuff up right heart to where they they don't think that you guys are real. They made letters do like it was a joke like I wrote it up myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could have gave him the phone number to
Dawn Ninham: The bottom of there is a there is a number of days left. Oh my gosh. It's horrible.
Dawn Ninham: But
Dawn Ninham: I stopped. They said, two months and the recommendation will go into put another recommendation, so
Dawn Ninham: And then I'm on my period now. So, man, I'm
Dawn Ninham: Bored cost me like forever like last month only have 48 period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: It's like all
Dawn Ninham: I don't know, I got the best sleep in my life. Two nights ago
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: But 830 at night and slept all the way till like 730 the whole time.
Dawn Ninham: Good idea to keep it up because my
Dawn Ninham: Period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think that you are in the process of having a miscarriage or that you've already had one or
Dawn Ninham: I just haven't had so much clouding ever my whole life. They're just little ones, but
Dawn Ninham: Definitely. I like this period, add more cramping and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's probably what's what's going on. And don't forget that stress can play a factor in all of that too. Yeah, you know, so you have to go. What are their, what are they, requiring requiring you to do. So go to a go to na
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't
Dawn Ninham: They don't, they think they said, I'm just don't
Dawn Ninham: Don't save this and you haven't lost yet.
Dawn Ninham: Don't forget to test which I have to pay for those. So they're like 60 bucks to test. So I need to make sure that I pre I'll get paid like Friday.
Dawn Ninham: Saturday. So I'm going to prepare like put them on your way already
Dawn Ninham: There's generally like to, to the way they said it. There's like two to three tests a month. So I'm just going to put the 60 bucks for three tests away, you know, you have the money, so I won't miss test and then I'm
Dawn Ninham: Going to do the
Dawn Ninham: Call a or na
Dawn Ninham: Daily so I get signatures and
Dawn Ninham: Hope for the best into
Dawn Ninham: Oh, I got any supposed to. I need to go see a mental mental health person or whatever because this isn't good enough, he said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need to go see you need to get any evaluations done is did they say that
Dawn Ninham: No mental health visit go to mental health and
Dawn Ninham: So, just talk to a therapist. I'm like I do, or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah any of. Do you have any past mental health diagnosis. Yeah, I have.
Dawn Ninham: Depression and third generation bipolar to
Dawn Ninham: Add and, of course, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And are you are you on any medications for you.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I take a
Dawn Ninham: Effexor
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Dawn Ninham: And then as for the depression and then they just one lady that I seen last October. She gave me
Dawn Ninham: Some for ADHD. It's
Dawn Ninham: I was called non narcotic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Strattera yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. Okay. And who do you see for that for those medications.
Dawn Ninham: Um, what's her name dodi I think God
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you see her locally.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, but he's a same place for every counselor is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she's mental health.
Dawn Ninham: Know, she's a doctor, I, I would go to I'd have to, I was going to switch from because they had me seeing a therapist over the phone.
Dawn Ninham: Like kind of like I am now.
Dawn Ninham: I was going to switch to the actual county mental health building
Dawn Ninham: Because then it's maybe they have more confidentiality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: You try that. So I have a whole list of stuff I gotta do here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just take it down. Just take it one step at a time. You know, this whole whole thing with CPS really, it can be overwhelming. It can cause you know so much stress until you just got to kind of break it down one step at a time. And I know that through this process, you know, you feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You feel horrible. You know, you're stressed out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Emotions are crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it feels like it that you know you're running, running in place, but just go through the steps. And do you know what it is that you got to do one step at a time and don't be discouraged, you know, don't be discouraged.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is, you know, really a fight and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the best, you know, the best thing that you can do is stay sober continue doing what you're doing. You know what I mean you suit up show up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And do it 100% do it above and beyond, because they don't know how to handle when you doing it above and beyond, you know, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want to like read three groups.
Dawn Ninham: But it was fine when we're doing three groups really class time, you know, so I'm just going to do a group every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
There's a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget, also, that you want to get a sponsor you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the work that
Dawn Ninham: Ask them how to get one they nobody knows how to get one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um Hoodoo ask my
Dawn Ninham: Worker both of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My gosh. Okay, so I let me kind of explain to you a little bit how it works. Okay, so you go to meetings and you find one that you like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you find a meeting that the people that are attending the meeting are serious about recovery. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are there for the right reasons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You listen to the women in the room, listen to their stories. Listen to how their life has changed since they got sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are they, do they have more than a year and recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are they working with others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you find that person that you connect with in that in in what they share like what they share will will grab ahold of you, it'll have your attention. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the person that you want to approach and say, you know, look, I'm new. And I need to find a sponsor, you know, can you be my temporary sponsor or permanent sponsor sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And put yourself out there, even when you go to a meeting and they asked if there's any newcomers. And would you like to share. And you can say, My name is Dawn, you know, and I am desperate need to find a sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And people will raise their hands. They'll give you phone numbers. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's how you get a sponsor.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty it's pretty simple. But when people don't have all the information and know what to do. It's hard to
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, grab ahold of the right person. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: No, I'm still
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get again still physically get engaged in books studies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And these studies really help you change your thought process, they help you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: gain strength in your recovery, they help you help you build relationships with sober women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, there's different things that that you can do within the curry community. You know, it opens the doorway for so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to build build friendships build support systems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've known people that have found jobs that way. I've known people that have found places to live that way I know people that have, you know, bond together and gone to court with somebody to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know proof that they're doing what they need to do. You know, so you want to center yourself when you go to these meetings with people that I have more than a year in recovery and that are doing the deal.
Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: hope they'll find that person today or tomorrow. Sure. What I'm going to try to get there tonight, no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just again put yourself out there. You know, I, my name is Dawn, you know, I, you know, I'm an addict alcoholic and I need, I need help. I need a sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I don't know how what I'm doing and I need, I need guidance. Can somebody, you know. Please support me, you know, while I'm beginning this process and you'll be amazed at how many people generally will is willing to to help
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you want it to be a woman.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a saying in a that women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women stick with women, men, stick with men.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women have your back. Men, grab your ass or something like that.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to make sure that you stick with the same gender, you know, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then there's the meeting online, which is women for sobriety.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, that's what it's called.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's one to look into because I'm hearing really good things about that.
Right.
Okay.
Dawn Ninham: No, I haven't talked to my sister war. I said she's got like six years, clean and sober.
Should
Dawn Ninham: Come talk to her, but she hasn't told her account and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a great time for you to evaluate the reasons why and maybe do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. She can definitely give you a six year sober and she's engaged with it with any kind of self help group, she can definitely guide you through to, you know, and give you that added support and advice on what to do, how to do it and what it works for her, you know, right now.
Dawn Ninham: A grow house everything so amazed. I can't, I can't lose your roof recover from losing all her kids like
Dawn Ninham: Shirt off for five our kids and it starts with me now.
Dawn Ninham: With different family but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When the house, he did it.
Dawn Ninham: That's why I was scared. I was like, cuz she said all our kids were really, really mad at her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Dawn Ninham: And so there they wouldn't talk to her for a long time isn't their first conversations. It took her years before her daughter was ever ready. She was like 18 now.
Dawn Ninham: And then or 17 or 18 finally got ahold of her
Dawn Ninham: But
Dawn Ninham: I definitely don't ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just takes time. Done. You know, you just gotta gotta step up your game a little bit, you know, dive in, you know, and start doing it 110%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You know, when you start doing it 110% 10% then things start coming together support systems get built recovery gets built
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then there's no question whether or not you're going or doing or or whatever because you have all the evidence and proof that you need, you know that you're doing what what you need to do to stay sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
That is my plan.
Dawn Ninham: I told my even my husband says he wants. He's ready. He told me go to do everything but and they the end. Very end question that court was um if if they deny reunification, would you still go to a God. And he said, Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And I was like, almost like I was like a pigeon died forever reunification. That means you wouldn't get your kids back at all. Still today. Oh, do you said, Yeah, I'm like, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who said that your husband.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That means you know that just tells you that you know he's serious about changing, you know, the path that you guys have been on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, and, you know, you can definitely you know this is not an easy. It's not an easy disease. It's just not. It's just not an easy thing to get under control and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But once you start and you have days under your belt and you're doing what you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it becomes easier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know. Yeah, I know.
Dawn Ninham: And what I had three months clean. I was like, fuck. I was like, you know, nothing could stop me there, but
Dawn Ninham: Still, I still don't use, but it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Dawn Ninham: After the three months.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, oh, that's when I the first six months was going on and then
Dawn Ninham: We're supposed to buy a house. And so he went to court and I was for the kids stay in foster care for one week one more week we had already gotten her kids back
Dawn Ninham: And we realized BECAUSE CHELSEA find out like three weeks later, Charles for Henry took all the money so we could buy the house versus move into so but we let that become our, I guess.
Dawn Ninham: I'm excuse
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so now here you are. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ready to start again.
Dawn Ninham: Right.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The hardest part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting your life together. When you've got to deal with children services and you've got to do all these jump through all these hoops and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you see a bunch of information and the paperwork that you know your perception is not true and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the judge it feels like you're being judged. Every time you walk into court and you know you don't feel like it's never enough. I mean, this is this is a common thing when it comes to them, but I am here to tell you that I've seen people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pull it, pull it out and you know get their kids back when they never thought that they had a chance to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until you cannot give up to the last, you know, to the last minute. Don't give up. You keep fighting. You just keep doing it. You do above and beyond what they want you to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And you just compile the information start making the changes in your head, you know, learn what you're going through. You know, work with people. And I'm telling you, it just makes a big huge difference.
Dawn Ninham: Is there on the online classes there a way to get a signature or BECAUSE I'M THINKING LIKE THESE PEOPLE, BUT WHEN THAT GUY SAID IN COURT, HE WAS LIKE HE'S LIKE DO YOU KNOW, whoever Cassandra whoever whoever blender.
Dawn Ninham: Girl Do you know that person, you know, to everybody in the room every in this little town like they know each other all the core people, everybody. So they're like, you know, that person to person. Nobody knows this person's talk we even think this letters credible. I was like, whoa, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pick up the phone and call in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And verify
Dawn Ninham: My lawyer said his lawyer said. They said, have you been called by heart. They're like, No, we called Tony Acosta. They OD counts are like, why would you call her wasn't when you use what's called bright dark
Dawn Ninham: Because you think that she runs by our. I'm like, What are you guys doing great looking the wrong information.
Dawn Ninham: Who
Dawn Ninham: The hope. What makes you mad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tony Acosta.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what does. She's if she runs right hearts and she has more proof that you've been engaging in it. Right.
Dawn Ninham: You're just thinking she has no shoes. They do not drug tests or No they do not. This. No, they do not that I'm like, what is she my guys are calling the wrong person for the wrong thing.
Dawn Ninham: It was horrible.
Dawn Ninham: I sit down. I had a chance. But then I was realizing when the judge made his orders.
Dawn Ninham: He has reading, he was reading the exact same paper, they gave me a month and a half ago.
Dawn Ninham: I have a strong to my folder of all the judgment. What he said he was based really on what the prosecuting attorney had rose everyone separate on before he took off.
Dawn Ninham: To me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to step up your game.
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: What about what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What what town. Do you live in.
Dawn Ninham: Carson City.
Dawn Ninham: Crystal City, California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, don't miss, no matter what. Don't Donny, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just because what happens is is for us. Anyways, it goes in, in your chart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so on. They want information proving that you're attending you know if there was a bunch of holes and it's sporadic
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, how are they
Dawn Ninham: can't quit in the 30 day one. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so you want to just make sure that you're, you know, on point. And you're doing what you're supposed to do. And I'm going to talk to my supervisor and maybe she can reach out to miss Acosta and find out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what kind of build a gap between
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Between us and them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many times has Braveheart sent you a
Dawn Ninham: Good. He sent me one. Um, I don't even know it was like when I first started the program. I never got it. So I said, please send me another one. And they never did they had me he had me going through blood work.
Dawn Ninham: And so
Dawn Ninham: I wouldn't give my blood work in the urine right there as hospital because they can only personally go back through the body so
Dawn Ninham: Last week I asked for that cup because they do week before that he had said that he had sent one or yeah isn't isn't one. So as for the not done. One last Friday and he said we should already be in the mail and I sort of CALLED THE LADY LADY. First Lady.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, said it's already been set, they can't send me another one. I'm like, I but I didn't get it. And it's just I said I said there's any way I could go back to the hospital or sign for these things. So I asked her to the post office and get it to where I actually. No, I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Dawn Ninham: And she said, Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Right now, but yes, we're going to start doing that, but I'm sure she said, Well, why don't you go. Is there any way to go to a like the hospital, get into it. I said, Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: So I told her I was supposed to have effects of her today and I woke up late. So I, I told her right away, um, that it's the same place. You said to to ask them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: That we do the hospital so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And yeah, just get stay on top of it, go in and do it if you don't get something from Dr. Hart Bret Hart's lagging go in and and request to us anyway. Yeah, you know what I'm getting
Dawn Ninham: Paperwork over right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good, good, and you stay on top of those you stay on top of your appointments getting gauged in your recovery 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what you're building is you're building a whole community of sober support system that can rally around you and help and really think about dawn, think about maybe picking up that phone call and calling your sister. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know to be true is that if we're doing things 100% and we're not trying to find side doors into it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It all starts working out and it all starts getting better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we've just got to be present and stand up for it all, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget about yourself care, making sure that you're getting enough sleep, and that you're eating, you know, good enough food and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you're taking care of yourself.
Dawn Ninham: Yes, definitely.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, you're walking and I feel like my my
Dawn Ninham: Ancestors coming back. It's just little for I can feel it. So I'm hopefully I was gonna ask him, he will take em today so I can get that taken care of, right away.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, so go back down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you want to make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, so that you don't come out with this big ol infection. Again, you know, and when we're stressed out and our emotions are all over the place and our immune system is low.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's, yeah. That's why affection or infections come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We get sick. Easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we're really stressed out and we're going through a lot of emotional stuff. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to make sure that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, are standing up and doing these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright so next week that Wednesday 11am yeah
Dawn Ninham: I'll be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I
Dawn Ninham: Was gonna be there twice this week. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they didn't even tell me, because I've been waiting, you know, for the last, I was waiting for you. And then I thought, oh,
Dawn Ninham: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're like, No, we have her. She's here. And I was like, Okay. Put her there. Come on.
Dawn Ninham: For you. Okay, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I want this on the on your record, as you know, you're trying and that you're doing these things. Yeah. So it's important that they're that they're labeled. So next week, I get to hear about your meetings.
Dawn Ninham: I get to hear women.
Dawn Ninham: Women for sobriety. Yeah, I'm gonna kick in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I get to hear that you went to meetings and that you reached out and looked around and put yourself out there for a sponsor. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay. Okay. All right. And you got to the dentist to get yes
Dawn Ninham: I'm going, I gotta go.
Dawn Ninham: Gotta go.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, all right, I'm gonna let you go about your business and I will see you in group. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Okay. Have a good day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, you too. Bye.